# Digital-cariyar-growth-ILH-Network-
The gist of the Digital Transformation which resonates with my line of thinking also, are as follows. Be authentic, transparent and real. For this you may look at the mirror to find the real you. One may put up a show, but the public will see through it over a period of time. Your message and your end product, should remain same, though you may add value to it with improvements . Solve one problem but be very good at solving it. Be committed to your word, deliverables and timelines. Focus on the growth of your customers, and be what you want them to be, by being real, and not by bashing down your competitors, These will ensure that your tribe remains loyal to you at all timesThis is very powerful Digital product if you are in the long term game of building community and raving fans my key learning from this Digital CoachMaking. -don’t become self centered, become giver give 10X more value to your community than what they paid for. – Be real and transparent with yourself and with your community – don’t change you core message , stick to one message and build your brand around that message. – don’t be trend rider , sell one one product which solve a big problem of your target customer. – build lifetime customers not followers by educating them instead entertaining them on social media. – sticknto your wordings, offers and dates, start session on time. – find ways to help your community, be focussed on providing value to your community – Don’t use negative tactics if you want to be in the long term in the market , don’t put anyone down. – become good customer first. Don’t say something that you have not done yourself..  
